

Positive Restuarant reviews about food

1. the service was excellent and the food was delicious.

2. i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.

3. the food is delicious.

4. they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.

5. i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio (the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.

6. ive never had a bad meal the food is amazing.

7. I was very pleased with the quality of the food, it was fresh and well prepared, i would highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends family and co workers.

8. The portions are large, but not overwhelming if you're dining alone. I enjoyed the food, but I can't tell you how it compares to their other locations because this was my first visit to any of them.

9. The best restaurant in Newark, let alone New Jersey. The food is excellent and the service is warm and inviting! One of my favorites!!!!!!

1. the food was absolutely amazing!

2. the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.

3. i liked the food at this quasi - thai restaurant.

4. a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.

5. the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.

6. ive been to this place a few times now, and the food is pretty good.

7. I love the food there, its much better than other places in town.

8. The food was good, but the service was bad.

9. the chicken is always amazing and they have a great selection of food that caters to everyone's tastes!

10. I absolutely love the food, service and prices!

11. I have never had a bad meal here and the food is always fresh and cooked to perfection!

12. The food was excellent, very tasty and for a good price, I will be going again tomorrow night, thanks :) xxxxxxxxxx111xxxx

13. Food was hot when served

Positive Restuarant reviews about Food

1. the food is consistently wonderful - i have been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.

2. the food is great.

3. the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu - fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.

4. the food is authentic italian - delicious!

5. incredible food at a very agre able price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.

6. ive always enjoyed the food here.

7. great place - excellent food, nice people and an atmosphere you don't find in many other taverns of this size...

8. strongest points: strong drink specials on weekends, pretty good bar service (especially if you get there before 9pm), $1.50 wing night on mondays, and they serve food (burgers, sandwiches, etc).

9. best Chinese food in town! my family has been going there for years... we love it! we also like the prices and they deliver too!!

10. this is a very good restaurant - great food and a great value.

11. the food is always excellent! it's a friendly place too... highly recommended!

12. very good authentic chinese dishes - especially seafood options - i love the hot and sour soup there...

13. i love this place. the food is wonderful and authentic, and very reasonably priced for such a nice restaurant; its always busy but the waitresses are attentive; i love that they serve both beer and wine (with or without mixers); lots of parking in back...

14. great food